Hmph, in front of whom do I dare not make a big judgment speech?
Dad, why are you here?
Hmm, I happened to pass by
I came in when I heard someone calling me.
I'd like to see it
Which bastard is it?
How dare you say nonsense here?
It's him, you little punk
arrogant and domineering
Just because of a few jokes
He hit Susan.
And he also threatened not to take my Sun family seriously
Even if his parents come, they have to give him handrails
What a burden
After the fall of the royal family
United Group is already the third largest in the North Sea
You haven't grown a single hair.
How dare you insult Chairperson Sun?
Hmph, don't you want to live?
Haha, no one is venting the fire.
kid
It seems that I will not forgive you easily today
brat
Turn around and let me see who you are
Dare to run amok here
Turn around and lack your little braids?
How dare you offend Mr. Sun?
Do you know what's going to happen?
Take my life
Mr. Shaw
Why are you here?
Chairperson Sun
No see for a few days
Is it a big increase?
It seems that Qiao Zixi, this girl, can't let you grow up
Memory
In that case
The Li family and the Wang family are just like you
Little sir, I really didn't know you were here.
I need to know
I dare not be offended in the slightest.
Little sir, little director, myself?